c:\users\bojidar\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BlogWebAPi\BlogWebApi.Tests\obj\Debug\BlogWebApi.Tests.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\bojidar\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BlogWebAPi\BlogWebApi.Tests\bin\Debug\BlogWebApi.Tests.dll.config
c:\users\bojidar\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BlogWebAPi\BlogWebApi.Tests\bin\Debug\BlogWebApi.Tests.dll
c:\users\bojidar\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BlogWebAPi\BlogWebApi.Tests\bin\Debug\BlogWebApi.Tests.pdb
c:\users\bojidar\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BlogWebAPi\BlogWebApi.Tests\bin\Debug\BlogWebAPi.dll
c:\users\bojidar\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BlogWebAPi\BlogWebApi.Tests\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\bojidar\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BlogWebAPi\BlogWebApi.Tests\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\bojidar\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BlogWebAPi\BlogWebApi.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\bojidar\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BlogWebAPi\BlogWebApi.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\bojidar\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BlogWebAPi\BlogWebApi.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\bojidar\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BlogWebAPi\BlogWebApi.Tests\bin\Debug\Blog.Model.dll
c:\users\bojidar\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BlogWebAPi\BlogWebApi.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.OData.dll
c:\users\bojidar\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BlogWebAPi\BlogWebApi.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.Tracing.dll
c:\users\bojidar\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BlogWebAPi\BlogWebApi.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\bojidar\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BlogWebAPi\BlogWebApi.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Data.OData.dll
c:\users\bojidar\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BlogWebAPi\BlogWebApi.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Data.Edm.dll
c:\users\bojidar\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BlogWebAPi\BlogWebApi.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Spatial.dll
c:\users\bojidar\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BlogWebAPi\BlogWebApi.Tests\bin\Debug\BlogWebAPi.pdb
c:\users\bojidar\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BlogWebAPi\BlogWebApi.Tests\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\bojidar\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BlogWebAPi\BlogWebApi.Tests\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\bojidar\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BlogWebAPi\BlogWebApi.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\bojidar\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BlogWebAPi\BlogWebApi.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\bojidar\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BlogWebAPi\BlogWebApi.Tests\bin\Debug\Blog.Model.pdb
c:\users\bojidar\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BlogWebAPi\BlogWebApi.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.OData.xml
c:\users\bojidar\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BlogWebAPi\BlogWebApi.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.Tracing.xml
c:\users\bojidar\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BlogWebAPi\BlogWebApi.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\bojidar\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BlogWebAPi\BlogWebApi.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Data.OData.xml
c:\users\bojidar\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BlogWebAPi\BlogWebApi.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Data.Edm.xml
c:\users\bojidar\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BlogWebAPi\BlogWebApi.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Spatial.xml
c:\users\bojidar\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BlogWebAPi\BlogWebApi.Tests\bin\Debug\de\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\bojidar\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BlogWebAPi\BlogWebApi.Tests\bin\Debug\es\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\bojidar\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BlogWebAPi\BlogWebApi.Tests\bin\Debug\fr\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\bojidar\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BlogWebAPi\BlogWebApi.Tests\bin\Debug\it\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\bojidar\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BlogWebAPi\BlogWebApi.Tests\bin\Debug\ja\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\bojidar\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BlogWebAPi\BlogWebApi.Tests\bin\Debug\ko\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\bojidar\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BlogWebAPi\BlogWebApi.Tests\bin\Debug\ru\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\bojidar\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BlogWebAPi\BlogWebApi.Tests\bin\Debug\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\bojidar\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BlogWebAPi\BlogWebApi.Tests\bin\Debug\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\bojidar\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BlogWebAPi\BlogWebApi.Tests\bin\Debug\de\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\bojidar\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BlogWebAPi\BlogWebApi.Tests\bin\Debug\es\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\bojidar\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BlogWebAPi\BlogWebApi.Tests\bin\Debug\fr\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\bojidar\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BlogWebAPi\BlogWebApi.Tests\bin\Debug\it\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\bojidar\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BlogWebAPi\BlogWebApi.Tests\bin\Debug\ja\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\bojidar\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BlogWebAPi\BlogWebApi.Tests\bin\Debug\ko\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\bojidar\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BlogWebAPi\BlogWebApi.Tests\bin\Debug\ru\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\bojidar\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BlogWebAPi\BlogWebApi.Tests\bin\Debug\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\bojidar\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BlogWebAPi\BlogWebApi.Tests\bin\Debug\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\bojidar\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BlogWebAPi\BlogWebApi.Tests\bin\Debug\de\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\bojidar\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BlogWebAPi\BlogWebApi.Tests\bin\Debug\es\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\bojidar\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BlogWebAPi\BlogWebApi.Tests\bin\Debug\fr\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\bojidar\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BlogWebAPi\BlogWebApi.Tests\bin\Debug\it\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\bojidar\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BlogWebAPi\BlogWebApi.Tests\bin\Debug\ja\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\bojidar\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BlogWebAPi\BlogWebApi.Tests\bin\Debug\ko\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\bojidar\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BlogWebAPi\BlogWebApi.Tests\bin\Debug\ru\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\bojidar\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BlogWebAPi\BlogWebApi.Tests\bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\bojidar\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BlogWebAPi\BlogWebApi.Tests\bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\bojidar\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BlogWebAPi\BlogWebApi.Tests\obj\Debug\BlogWebApi.Tests.dll
c:\users\bojidar\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BlogWebAPi\BlogWebApi.Tests\obj\Debug\BlogWebApi.Tests.pdb
